Meeting 1 Thursday Sept 21 11:30 - 12:00 with Theophilus
First Meeting Questions/Clarifications

What exactly is the project description?
AI Chatbot that interacts with users and collects data
Trained to endure mental questions
Assessment to the users for therapies
Advise the user to download the app and then from the app assign them a specific assignment
Space between personal virtual space between the therapist and the user
In the mobile app, we have journaling, describing how they feel at 3am.
Conversations with the bot and it has been trained to answer their questions
Human trigger words
Suicide, jump off
Trigger an alert to therapist or an alert to peer support group

What we do
We need to extract text from the mobile app
from journals
from ai chatbot
We need the AI to learn more from the user interactions with it
Anywhere where they do free text then we will do sentiment analysis

How do therapists use the software?
Therapist has the API
We give them the bot as a widget on an API
They use the API/widget on their own website
Each therapist has a unique bot
Anyone on the internet can download the app 
U can make the therapist as the therapist through the mobile app

Who is the intended user? Is this for individuals looking to improve their mental health or for professionals? If it’s for professionals how do you think they’d use it to help? (user stories)
Therapist and company both will use the API

Are we scraping data from the app to train the model or from another dataset and then use that model to predict sentiment from user text.

Do we have or need access to the app? What is the current state of the app?
They have a working app already on the app store
They have all the data points we just need to give them API

In the project description it mentions notifying the user about overly negative messages how/via what (email, app notification)

Email notification from therapist, want the bot to send notification to user, like whatsapp. Send through the therapist. Users can see analysis in the app.

What type of Graphical reports? Periodically? What library?
Want a scatterplot on a daily basis
show trends (line of best fit?)
Want to filter the report


Any preference tech stack?
Anything works
Discuss Intellectual property Confidentiality agreement 

We can at least put it on our resume
Need CEO to confirm other details
Do you guys have a database to hold the data or do we need to create our own?

Do you have existing data for us to use?

Do you want us to use Docker and Kubernetes containerization?
GCP
Azure

What is the minimum viable product? In other words, what is the minimum our work needs to be capable of?

MVP
At least scraping the data from the journals on the mobile app

Just to be clear there is no UI right?
Is there a specific language you want us to do this in?

What are the key features of what you would like us to build?



Want to generate a report/word cloud
Need to partner with research institutes


Make an API
Scraping 




Meeting 2 Date Sept 28 11:30 - 12:00 with Maro
To start off, what is your position? Need it for documentation for course


What do you guys want us to use Azure or GCP?
How is the text data stored on GCP/Azure? Is there a preference on how we access it?

Are we scraping the entire app only once to create the ml model initially and then scrape new text entries one by one and predicting on them with the learned model.

Scrape initially to train model then mhapy ping the api with new data to make predictions on and send that back.


What do we build actually?
Are we making two API's (one for scraping all the data and teaching the ml model and the other for taking user input and performing sentiment analysis and keeping track of stats)
Are we making one API that does everything with multiple endpoints?
Are we scraping the text data and training the model in one API?

1 API with multiple endpoints. Used when called by mhapy to give predictions and visualizer. 



Are all the texts we need to scrape on a database already
YES

Since this is an API, just want to confirm we only perform sentiment analysis on incoming text data to the API. Similarly, only have to make graphs upon request to the API.
YES


Ideally, we’d like to code the text scraping API in Node.js/Express.js and send the data to the database in GCP/Azure. Then we create additional APIs to train/predict/ generate graphs/visualizations
Python?



Backend Engineer 

Meeting 3 Date Sept 30 3:00 - 3:30 Chijindu and Theophilus

partner github id

Our partner hasn’t responded to our user stories yet, but we are planning to meet with him on Saturday and will get his feedback on them then. Additionally, the latter half of the readme is 

is the text already stored in database


Do you want us to scrape directly from the mobile app? Or do you already have an API that does that… Your backend engineer Maro has said that the text data has stored it in the database already

Don’t need to continuously update model, just make sure they can add to it when we’re done

Use mental health related data to beef up ml if not enough data

Everything already in database

How do we store the prediction data?
What do you guys want us to use Azure or GCP?
GCP

Easy to learn model

Kubernetes & Docker 

Multiple API for each feature

fakiyesitheophilus13@gmail.com 
marookegbero@gmail.com Backend Engineer
netojaycee@gmail.com GCP inquiries

Meeting 4 Oct 7 2:00 - 2:10 with Theophilus
Informing the partner on our plans and D2
Sub teams, roles, and who to get in contact with for database access


Meeting 5 Oct 14 11:00 - 11:20 with Theophilus, Maro, and John
Are you able to provide any text data from the app itself?
If you are able to provide this data, when and how will you do this?
We would just like to train the AI model on data from the app itself rather than just the Kaggle data set.
Update on the progress of D2
Update on AWS access?
Do you have an idea of how we should be using it? 
I don’t want to burn through your credits
No worries with credits
Should I be using EKS or just regular ECS
EKS is preferred


Meeting Oct 28 11:00 - 11:30 with Theophilus and Maro
Tried to get access to the database endpoint
Requesting to get AWS privileges 
Further inquiring on their needs for the project
Getting specifics on each project aspect

Meeting Nov 6 11:00 - 11:30 with Maro
Finally received endpoint to get the data from their app
Still having with AWS privileges

Code Demo Nov 11 11:00 - 11:30 with Theophilus and Maro
Presented a flow chart going over the architecutre of the project
Went through several demos highlighting the main features of the project
Partner was ecstatic about the results and was eager to implement into their app

Meeting Nov 25 11:00 - 11:20 with Theophilus and John
Updated on progress
Trying to get Amazon SES privileges to send automated emails

